you may be wondering what you should do if you're uncertain about the
future that's a toughie I remember when I was a high school junior I
really didn't have any idea I don't want to go to college because everybody's
going to college go to college I certainly never thought
I want to be a cripple logic officer yeah I never thought I want to
be a lawyer I want to be an academic and study high performance computing
I never thought so I don't know what do you do if you have no
draw I've do you know what you want to do just get a broader taste of
life is you the military will give you a very broad taste of life
and they give you to select like you did me putting me in cryptology
that I never would've thought up but they said we figure because I
was good at and what so get a broad taste of life I think that's a critical
one last quick war story my eldest brother from the tiny was
in junior high school wanted to be a veterinarian anyone to work on
large farm animals and he wanted to work in a small town in the rocky
mountain somewhere didn't care where the rocking that's all I wanted
to so I went to the university of Illinois and got a degree and
he went to the university of Illinois better in medical school and got
a degree it's harder to get that that's cool Illinois than it is
in the medical but he wanted to do that and they went to Wyoming and
he became a large animal veterinarian in a small town we will Wyoming
in the Rocky Mountains Andy hade he hated it anyone any good he was
he was a good veterinarian anyone any good lovingly better day investments
because running the veterinarian business is ninety percent
being a salesman in being nice to people and being friendly and being
people kind of a jovial guy that everybody got along he hated five
years later quit and he went to work for a bunch of large firms that
did research and better medical products and before you know it
he lived in New York City on the East River doing basically legal work
getting legal registration for better a medical drugs around the
world after drug got registered in the U. S. to treat hoof and mouth
disease that he'd go around the world if the other come countries to
them recognize our rights to yeah he was basically a lawyer yeah that's
what he did the rest of his life and he hoped it was fun exciting
travel yeah completely different than what you want so you know
what you want to do right now may be way off base